A Phase III, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of InhalerX in Patients with Moderate to Severe Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD)

1. Objectives
1.1 Primary Objective
To assess the efficacy of InhalerX in improving lung function (measured by FEV1) after 12 weeks of treatment in COPD patients.
1.2 Secondary Objectives
To evaluate the impact of InhalerX on patients' quality of life using the COPD Assessment Test (CAT).
To assess the safety and tolerability of InhalerX.
2. Study Design
A multi-center, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group study.
3. Study Population
Adult males and females, aged 40-80 years, diagnosed with moderate to severe COPD.
4. Inclusion Criteria
Confirmed diagnosis of COPD with a post-bronchodilator FEV1/FVC <0.70.
Moderate to severe airflow limitation (post-bronchodilator FEV1 <80% predicted).
5. Exclusion Criteria
Known hypersensitivity to any component of InhalerX.
A history of asthma or other respiratory disorders.
6. Randomization and Blinding
Participants will be randomized 1:1 to receive either InhalerX or placebo.
Investigators, participants, and study personnel will be blinded to treatment assignment.
7. Intervention
InhalerX group: InhalerX, two puffs twice daily for 12 weeks.
Placebo group: Matching placebo, two puffs twice daily for 12 weeks.
8. Study Assessments
8.1 Efficacy Assessments
Change in pre-dose FEV1 from baseline to Week 12.
Change in CAT score from baseline to Week 12.
8.2 Safety Assessments
Incidence of adverse events (AEs) and serious adverse events (SAEs).
9. Statistical Analysis
Primary and secondary efficacy endpoints will be analyzed using a Mixed Model for Repeated Measures (MMRM).
Safety data will be summarized descriptively.
10. Ethics and Regulatory Compliance
The trial will be conducted according to the Declaration of Helsinki, ICH-GCP guidelines, and local regulatory requirements.
Approval will be obtained from relevant Institutional Review Boards (IRBs).
11. Time Frame
Total duration of 18 months: 6 months for recruitment, 3 months of treatment, and 9 months for follow-up and data analysis.
